DTM content for release 10.17 (#861)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/asset-types-bundle/property-library.md

<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left"><b>Label</b></td>
<td style="text-align:left">Refers to the name of the asset property. The asset property is further addressed using the information provided here.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Mandatory</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left"><b>Key</b></td>
<td style="text-align:left">Used to uniquely identify and store the asset property in the DTM application.<br>

> {{< c8y-admon-info>}}  

Reviewer: Remove the infobox and integrate the info in the text via "Note that ...".

Author: Content updated as suggested.

 If you select **Text**, the following fields appear:

*	**Min Length**:

Enter the minimum length of the text that must be provided for this asset property during the asset creation. Any text below the minimum length is not accepted.

If not selected, no minimum length criteria is set for this asset property during the asset creation.

* **Max Length**:

Enter the maximum length of the text that must be provided for this asset property during the asset creation. Any text above the maximum length is not accepted.

If the entered text exceeds the maximum length, you get notified of the incidence and the asset creation is cancelled.

* **RegExp**:

Enter a valid regular expression. During the asset creation, you must provide the asset property value, which adheres to the regular expression.

**Example:**

If the asset property is "Generator code" with the regular expression "^MCGEN[a-zA-Z0-9]*$", all generator  codes have to start with the prefix “MCGEN”.

<a name="default-value"></a>
#### Default value

Assigns a default value to the asset property. If this field is left empty in the asset property, you must enter a value during the asset creation.

{{< c8y-admon-info>}}

> The default value has to adhere to all validations provided beforehand. For a property of type text, if you have set the **Min length**, **Max length** and/or **RegExp**, the default value must fulfil all set validations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value has to adhere to all validations provided beforehand. For a property of type text, if you have set the **Min length**, **Max length** and/or **RegExp**, the default value must fulfill all set validations.
```

> The default value has to adhere to all validations provided beforehand. For a property of type text, if you have set the **Min length**, **Max length** and/or **RegExp**, the default value must fulfill all set validations.

Author: Enabling all validations is not mandatory to set a default value. If any validation constraint is set, the default value must adhere to it.

> The default value has to adhere to all validations provided beforehand. For a property of type text, if you have set the **Min length**, **Max length** and/or **RegExp**, the default value must fulfill all set validations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value has to adhere to all validations provided beforehand. If you selected a property of the type "Text", you can set the **Min length**, **Max length** and/or **RegExp** as the default value must fulfill all set validations.ns.
```

> The default value has to adhere to all validations provided beforehand. For a property of type text, if you have set the **Min length**, **Max length** and/or **RegExp**, the default value must fulfill all set validations.

Author: Can I slightly modify this to :

`The default value has to adhere to all validations provided beforehand. If you selected a property of the type "Text", you can set the **Min length**, **Max length** and/or **RegExp** and the default value must fulfill all set validations.`

{{< /c8y-admon-info>}}

**Example:**

> If the asset property is "Generator code" with a **Min length** of 8, a **Max length** of 20 and the **RegExp** defined as "^MCGEN[a-zA-Z0-9]*$", the default value must fulfil all of these three criteria. If it does not, this results in a validation error. The respective field will be highlighted to modify its content to fit the criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the asset property is "Generator code" with a **Min length** of 8, a **Max length** of 20 and the **RegExp** defined as "^MCGEN[a-zA-Z0-9]*$", the default value must fulfill all of these three criteria. If it does not, this results in a validation error. The respective field will be highlighted to modify its content to fit the criteria.
```

<a name="custom-number"></a>
#### Number

> For this type, you must provide a numeric value for the asset creation, for example, the height of a wind turbine tower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this type you must provide a numeric value for the asset creation, for example, the height of a wind turbine tower.
```

{{< /c8y-admon-info>}}

<a name=""></a>
### Types of asset properties

There are two types of asset properties, both fulfil different requirements:

<a name=""></a>
#### Simple asset property

A simple asset property consists of a single key value pair. This option is set by default when creating new asset properties.

In the **Asset properties** simple asset properties are listed with their type.

 **Example:**

 If the asset property is called "Tower height", you use the key "tower_height" with the Default value of "70" (see image below).

 ![Simple asset property](/images/dtm/custom-property/dtm-property-library-simple-custom-property.png)

<a name=""></a>
#### Complex asset property

A complex asset property consists of multiple key value pairs, meaning, it contains a root object followed by one or more key value pairs. You can select the complex asset property option by switching on the toggle. If you switch on the toggle, you must define each key value pair as well as providing a Type for each pair.

In the **Asset properties** complex asset properties are listed with the label "Object".

> You see the preview of data model on the right side of Properties section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You see the preview of data model on the right side of properties section.
```
